README.md, before:

# ImmersiveArts_NP-Art-Center
## Description
 ImmersiveArts is an augmented reality (AR) mobile application designed to enhance tourism in Rwanda and East African galleries and museums, and improve user engagement. The app uses AR technology to provide immersive and interactive experiences by overlaying digital content such as 3D models, audios, 2D content, and videos on physical artworks. Admin users (gallery or museum managers) can manage AR content dynamically via a data storing page.

 ## Link to Github repo: 
https://github.com/bmukankusi/ImmersiveArts
 
 ## How to set up the environment and the project
 ### Prerequisites
 - Unity 6000.2.6f2 or later
 - AR Foundation
 - Firebase account
 - Android/iOS mobile device that supports AR
  ### Steps
  1. Clone the repository: git clone
  2. Open the project in Unity
  3. Configure Firebase with project credentials
  4. Install necessary packages: AR Foundation, GoogleARCore, ARKit
  5. Build and run the app on your target device

   ### How to use
   a. Launch the app and select a gallery(If many are available)
   b. Scan an artwork using the camera to trigger AR content
   c. Admins may log in to manage artworks and view analytics

   ### Designs(Figma design)
  <img width="412" height="917" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8c5cf952-3391-4e4f-88d1-a506b3bbf51f" />                          <img width="412" height="917" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9b9bb51b-11ac-47e7-8771-6c797ea748a8" />

  <img width="412" height="917" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dafa8f60-c2f2-4532-8f23-f728cf48612a" />                              <img width="412" height="917" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93bdb7c9-1a4c-4de2-9c19-6651d99161a0" />
  
   ### Video Recording
   - Link to video: https://www.canva.com/design/DAG1AeLwXOA/lCj7jjKDKUmFmjugjrfpRg/view?utm_content=DAG1AeLwXOA&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=uniquelinks&utlId=h912ba33119 
  
   ### Deployment plan
   - Beta distribution: initial testing locally
   - Feedback collection: monitor initial usage and collect feedback about any performance issues from art gallery.
   - Documentation: create user guides/app support materials
   - Deploying on store: set the application on Google Play Store
   - App release for public access

Commit message:

Update README with app deployment link
Added link to application package for installation.

README.md, after:

# ImmersiveArts_NP-Art-Center
## Description
 ImmersiveArts is an augmented reality (AR) mobile application designed to enhance tourism in Rwanda and East African galleries and museums, and improve user engagement. The app uses AR technology to provide immersive and interactive experiences by overlaying digital content such as 3D models, audios, 2D content, and videos on physical artworks. Admin users (gallery or museum managers) can manage AR content dynamically via a data storing page.

 ## Link to Github repo: 
https://github.com/bmukankusi/ImmersiveArts
 
 ## How to set up the environment and the project
 ### Prerequisites
 - Unity 6000.2.6f2 or later
 - AR Foundation
 - Firebase account
 - Android/iOS mobile device that supports AR
  ### Steps
  1. Clone the repository: git clone
  2. Open the project in Unity
  3. Configure Firebase with project credentials
  4. Install necessary packages: AR Foundation, GoogleARCore, ARKit
  5. Build and run the app on your target device

   ### How to use
   a. Launch the app and select a gallery(If many are available)
   b. Scan an artwork using the camera to trigger AR content
   c. Admins may log in to manage artworks and view analytics

   ### Designs(Figma design)
  <img width="412" height="917" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8c5cf952-3391-4e4f-88d1-a506b3bbf51f" />                          <img width="412" height="917" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9b9bb51b-11ac-47e7-8771-6c797ea748a8" />

  <img width="412" height="917" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dafa8f60-c2f2-4532-8f23-f728cf48612a" />                              <img width="412" height="917" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93bdb7c9-1a4c-4de2-9c19-6651d99161a0" />
  
   ### Video Recording
   - Link to video: https://www.canva.com/design/DAG1AeLwXOA/lCj7jjKDKUmFmjugjrfpRg/view?utm_content=DAG1AeLwXOA&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=uniquelinks&utlId=h912ba33119
     
  ### App deployement
   - Link to application package that can be installed: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pcX8vQ-qJidV9UdzZDCEriw_KKUY_fpY/view?usp=sharing
  
   ### Deployment plan
   - Beta distribution: initial testing locally
   - Feedback collection: monitor initial usage and collect feedback about any performance issues from art gallery.
   - Documentation: create user guides/app support materials
   - Deploying on store: set the application on Google Play Store
   - App release for public access
